Text extracted from pdf/supplier_onboarding_to_GT_API_guide.pdf (Gametime, fetched 2026-09-27) for grep.

Supplier Onboarding Guide for Direct (API) Integrations with Gametime IMPORTANT: The links provided below point to our staging environment, intended solely for testing. If you're working in production, simply remove “-staging” from the URL where applicable. Selling Rules/Policy Sellers handbook - https://assets.gametime.co/portal/manuals/sellers_handbook.pdf Listing Ingestion ● Create a valid CSV ○ Note: These documents are located in the GT Broker Portal. If you require access or a copy of them, please reach out to your GT contact or email sellers@gametime.co ○ Example CSV: https://portal-staging.gametime.co/s/docs (look for Example link) ○ CSV Column descriptions: https://portal-staging.gametime.co/s/docs (look for Descriptions link) ● Upload using FTP ○ Download a FTP client ○ Log in to the FTP server via the FTP client ○ host: gtftp-staging.gametime.co ○ port: 21 ○ Select your CSV ○ Upload the CSV to the server and ensure the FTP client confirms a successful upload ● Optional - Check your ‘active listings’ in Broker Portal ( https://portal-staging.gametime.co/s/listings/active ) Broker Portal UI ( https://portal-staging.gametime.co/s ) ● GT’ Broker Portal is a platform to provide suppliers with a way to: ○ Manage (confirm, fulfill or reject) their Gametime orders (purchases of their inventory on Gametime) ○ Monitor listings via ‘Active Listings’ ○ Change your contact info via ‘My Info’ ○ View previous remittances via ‘Payments’ Cloudtickets API ( https://api-staging.gametime.co ) ● API endpoints ○ View orders (refer to Portal for available order statuses) ○ Confirm, Transfer, Fulfill, Reject orders ■ Note: Suppliers are not able to create test orders on their own. If you require test orders, please reach out to your GT contact for assistance ○ Modify Listings: make quantity changes or delete listings via Edit endpoint

○ Postman collection of available endpoints: https://portal-staging.gametime.co/s/docs (look for Collections link) E2E Workflow for direct (API) suppliers Uploading inventory 1. Upload CSV file containing ticket listings (this should be a repeated at least as often as your inventory updates) a. Note: If a CSV file is not uploaded at least once every six hours (i.e. a “heartbeat” sync), your listings will be automatically disabled on the marketplaces until a new upload is received. 2. Active listings will be available for viewing in the Broker Portal 3. Listings can be modified using GT’s Cloudtickets API or by uploading a new CSV file After a ticket sells on the GT marketplace 1. Supplier will be notified via their API (and by email sales notification) that a ticket has sold 2. Supplier should verify the purchase STATUS using Cloudtickets endpoint (check the STATUS field) 3. If the status (returned by the endpoint) is “rejected”. STOP HERE. This indicates that the purchase has already been rejected either by GT or the supplier. a. Note: GT includes these orders with a “rejected” status for reconciliation purposes only 4. Supplier needs to confirm (or reject) the order 5. Supplier needs to fulfill the purchase as specified by the listing a. Upload barcodes b. Upload PDFs c. Confirm mobile transfer & provide proof of transfer d. Ship physical tickets 6. Done Best Practices ● Check the GT purchase status before confirming or transferring tickets ● Test your GT integration using our staging environment ● Refer to the Portal API docs and Postman collection for API usage (Portal --> Documentation --> API docs) ● When reporting issues to GT, use the template below when possible Template Issue Description: - What is the issue that you are experiencing? Impact Assessment: - How is this issue affecting you or your organization? - Are there any workarounds currently in place?

Initial Occurrence: - When did you first notice the issue? Technical Details for Reproduction Examples: - Please provide specific examples where the issue has occurred. - Include timestamps, user IDs, or any other relevant details that will help us reproduce the problem. API Interactions: - If applicable, include the API calls you've made that are related to the issue. - Please also share the responses you received from these API calls. Additional Information - Attach any screenshots, logs, or additional files that might assist us in diagnosing the issue.
